18/03/2016
So far 1st mt is on 6th april before, 116 exam.


To this moment we have learned this:
Directional fields,
Mathematical modelling,
And used to solve problems of the sort: Solve the equation: or Find the solutions of the equation:
Which was equivalent to find f(x) = equation: Not in terms of derivatives, or using derivatives.

Chapter 1:
1.1 Some Basic Mathematical Models; Direction Fields

1.2 Solutions of Some Differential Equations

1.3 Classification of Differential Equations

Chapter2:First Order Differential Equations
2.2,
2.1,2.6,2.8,

Chapter 7:Systems of First Order Linear Equations
7.1, 7.2, 7.3,
 7.5here, All sugesteds are solved

 7.6, 7.7, 7.9

Chapter 4: Higher order differential equations:(probably ones we cannot turn into 1st order)

Chapter 5. Series Solutions of Second Order Linear Equations

Chapter 6. The Laplace Transform

Chapter 10. Partial Differential Equations and Fourier Series

Finish!(sexy place) That is it. Dif is done.

Currently we are learning:
Systems of first order linear equations,


21/03/2017
Now I am intended to review the concepts of last lecture.
And then solve problems related to tommorow's quiz(exact equations and integrating factors).

22/03/2017
Now Morning routine after excercising.
Since I reviewed lecture notes w.o. book, and I wonder in which part of the book I can find info about drawing graphs?
I do it during/after the lecture.
Now I focus on solving exact value and integrating factor problems which are chapter number what?
Chapter 2 paragraph 2.6 .
sps: 1,2,4,7,12

solve eqn: which is neither linear nor separable:


That defines solutions of eq 1 implicitly.
What does it mean to be given implisitly?

Find psi(x,y) s.t. d(psi)/dx - d(psi)/dy y' = 0; this is called exact equation
where d(psi)/dx = M(x,y) and d(psi)/dy = N(x,y)

If i am given an exact eqn: it is not a solution yet. I need to integrate it wrt x and then wrt y. make h(y) in the first, then by integrating find h'(y) and then find integral of h'(y).
After that combine results of Nx and mx to derive implicitly solution of dif eq. or psi(x,y).
Ok . Now I continue with integrating factors.
Qn of the form find i.f. of dif.eq. and then solve the eqn.
To see that given eqn is exact check
My == Nx mean psi()xy == psi()yx mean that psi is cont and has cont 2nd order 
Otherwise it is not exact.
But here is where int. factor comes. 
Conversion is possible

22/03/2017
course is about finding solution of dif eq.
And Each chapter shows how to handle new cases.
I underperformed today in quiz. But after the quiz we got it solved. By method that I already forgot.
It is important to review that one. 

27/03/2017
Now we are learning, repeated eigenvalues...
What is that?


Today. During the lecture we learned that...
Repeated eigenvalues.
It is the case when there are two or more same roots. During the lecture I decided. That I will resolve all lecture problems again. Let's see.
Let's talk about new learned concepts. There was Jordan form. And when do we use it? WHat is it and what is the theorem associated with it? 
And there also was a case about replacing complex terms of a solution with U(i) and V(i). I am not sure about that. We also talked about generalized eigenvector, the one which is found using the eigenvector.
Along the way I need to remember how.

Now 29/03/2017
What is the first step in learning this now?
What did we learn so far?
I guess we learned sloving homogeneous sytem of differential equations.
Few cases: In case if eigenvalues of a matrix are different, then we find corresponding eigenvectors, 
Using both we construct solution. If initial condition is given. Then we can find coefficients. How? solve system of equations.
Otherwise we leave constants as c1 ...
In case if roots are complex(eigenvalues), we still can find the solution: How? $7.6....

In case if the eigenvalues yield the same values, then we need to apply the approach of repeated eigenvalues.
It happens when there is only one eigenvector. And A is no more diagonalizable.(Was it diagonalizable before?)
What is the solution?

Somehow, the installation dates of programs got changed. I think it is a virus taking place on my computer.
So far I learned how to solve System of Equations in differential equations. Apparently I cannot think of a case of solving single differential equation. This is sth important in preparation for exam. 
What is my decision about multicase. It seems to be taking long. With prof it will be faster. Let me just prepare my questions, Ahead of time so that I know how to fill this gap there. They are on trello. And in copybook. Let all be in trello.
But there is nothing trello. I probably deleted or sth like that has happened.
Ok I found it. By observing "not randomly" the recent activity in trello.
Let's define what is fundamental set of solutions.
My description of the situation is this. But it is probably not enought yet.	Fundamental set of solutions are described in achapter that we didn't learn by syllabus, and then we are given, fundamental matrixes which make use of "fundamental set of solutions", Probably I need to learn them by myself. Or fro prof. by accepting its defintion and result for now.

03/04/2017
WHat does exact equation give us? DOes it pushes us closer to the solution of d.e.?
Могу ли я баловаться и зарабатывать на Баловстве?

04/04/2017
Чето после поровки я так и не догадался до ответа, никакого креативного мышления не вышло, Надо бы попробовать что-то другое.
Growth only occurs in a state of discomfort.
Мне нужно ддать пока нас случайность столкнет.

17/04/2017
Now we are learning higher order Linear equations.