Math 407 game theory:


Even if it means to learn major topics of the book:
It will be this:


What did we learn so far?

We learned subtraction games, nim games, and compoosite games.
we also learned zero sum games. whicha re basically matrix games:
Matrix games consisted of:
2*2 games, 2*n, m*2, n*m games.
n*m games which are nonsingular were solved using nonsingular strategy.

 Now we started the game colonel blotto:
  And there is a way to review these: night before going to the exam?
  No therefore I start preparing noe


  HW3:
  First I proved that, latin square games have uniform distribution of praobabilities, and that V = mean of values of any row or column

  Now I will prove:
  How Diagonal matrix gives a V, p and q.
  V = (sum of 1/d_i)^-1.
  from diagonal formula: [sum i from 1 to m (aij*pi)= V] where pi is in P;
  Since matrix is diagonal: all aij except i==j are 0 and therefore V= aij*pi
so pi = V/aij
elements of Q are found in the similar manner qi = V/aij.
This saves a lot of time and effort in solving these problems.

  Q = {q1 ... qn};
  P = {p1 ... pn}; 


  22/03/2017

I need to do sth about 407 today, tommorow because after tommorow I have MT1.
What should I do?
prep for exam and review last lecture concepts.
How? Latter is strfwrd. Solve todays problem and understand.
For others now, is to sole what we already solved.
Or also try hackerrank 1,2 problems.
What is not clear yet? Where do I feel weak now?
in Fictious game n*m matrix and hw, solve hw problem.
nonsingular matrix n*n.

24/03/2017
Today I have mt1 on 407.
What is the first step??
Which steps are needed to increase the ability to solve todays questions on the exam?
Review notes, and solve one qn of each type.
Review parts that I am not sure about and then continue with, the rest.
Nonsingular, 2*n m*2, fictious, and simplex method algorithm, sprague grandie, colonell blotto,
Ok at this point it feels like I am done with 2ndm now it's time to learn fictious games and simplex,, and then colonell.


define finite games.
colonell solved and understood.

Next game to reexplore is fictious, and simplex method algorithm.
During the lunch break. 2.44
That will finish the prep for exam, and of course sutlu cikolata and water from sesli in 45 mins.
Let's start with what I know. 
Pivot method for solving games.

At this point, I have rediscovered pivot method of solving games.
It doesn't say any strategy, It just starts applying algorithm.
Now I can continue with seeing and solving  

Do I need to know upper and lower values of the game?
Let's learn it after Fictitious
Now 31/03/2017
I am starting solving hw3 . Since there is not so much time to get to new let me continue the old. I go out at 20:05 and within 25 mins I wanna reach the sport hall and start physical training. Until that I got about 10 mins. 
Let me check the 1st qn and try to find answer for it. To answer other ones I need to understand them first.
Qn is this. Given recursive game G=[] is it equal to the expanded version of itself?

Game has recursive form and is called stochastic. 


17/04/2017
Now we are learning general sum games related with sth like prisons dilemma. But I don't remmeber, and it is ok. But try better connect, by 1 review after class for the next class. Take notes or photos to capture profs, lecture. He ll ask what he xplained.  
Ok now I remembered the games and their rules. Cuz I have xplained them to Sungat. 
Game1 was about Pirates, Game2 was about doubling money.(Centipide game)after prisoners dilemma
doubling monye game looks like this.Starts with (1,1) coins, P1 starts the game, at each step Player can either stop or continue the game. If he stops he gets current amount, otherwise he looses 1 coin, and his opponent gets 2 coins. Then it is his opponents turn and same decision is made. The purpose of the game is You gain more than others, or no one gets more than you. So the game ends at (1,1). 
Pirates game: N pirates, at each step Pirate #N decides how to share money, other decide whether to kill him or to continue...(?)


14/05/2017 20:00

Sitting over here. Waiting for the moment of reality to come and strike me.
It is time for 407.
Lets see what we have learned so far.
I am competing with myself. TO be better than before.

So far we are in Chapter 3:
2 person general sum game. Part 4: Cooperative games.
Where they are not trying to increase only their own inocome but income they make together.


What do I need to do to be preapared for coming lecture tommorow?
I remember things like 
Safety level.

Now we are learning Cooperative games. So lemme start from there.
This semester I am going to improve 2 courses. 251 and 116 therefore my GPA is going to raise up again.
And I will apply for minors and majors in ceng and ba.
There are special terms that I need to understand such as:{ disagreement point and how to find it,  safety level, maxmin strategy of finding values and strats,  tarnsferable utilyt and nt utility}

a binding agreement.
Set of payoff vectors if they cooperate is called feasabe set. side payments.
wo tu only one of ij cells can be achieved as a result of agreement.
Pareto optimal outcome. WHat is a side payment mean? 
Pareto optimal: WHy do 2 vectors equal ??
Transfer utility means that one will give little to another s.t. he another agrees on common strategy.

What do threat ands side payment mean? And why are thay used together?

cooperative strategy = joint choice which leads to a single entry max max ij